okay welcome to centric car runs kitchen
I've had a lot of people asking me since
um I did the recording of the new one
piece thing with the new Funimation
music I asking to see my parakeet so I'm
going show you doing her right now um
and if I'm talking weird it's because
I'm I had one of my upper wisdom teeth
just pulled today and my mouth and
tongue are still numb from it and no
they didn't need to come I guns open for
this with no my oral surgeon will do
that on this one it was through the gums
only had to do was pull it out so anyway
you can hear her in the background
everyone me my bird oh you can't see
that well hold on um you still can't see
her that little but come on there she is
hey welcome over she's not very nice
though because she tries to fight
everyone in the house now little guy
over there I got two finches right when
I was 14 their names are pearl and tiger
um pearl tiger had five kids she had
three daughters and two sons um and
unfortunately although more dead except
for this guy who is a boy um tigard I
not too soon
anyway this is rhykker and this is us
Snowbell snow for short snowy from when
we want to feel a little more
affectionate hold up let me try and use
the zoom I'm going to zoom in cuz you
can't see that well hold up
there we go I use the zoo Taylor okay
there and there's better Chancellor
Finch that's what I'm breaking the noise
in the background hey do you want to see
anything see hello she's not very nice
because look hello there's a bite
everyone Snowbell ah oh right see she
tries to fight everyone she's not very
nice oh no why huh and that's about it
yeah just want to show you her she's not
very friendly though would you like to
chirp a lot
and washing machine is acting up again
anyway that's it now I have to go take
some painkillers because the novocaine
starting to wear off and I don't want to
be at the blunt of it oh and I by the
way I wanted to show you the tooth that
they took out but unfortunately I
couldn't because I according to my
dentist I asked him first before he
didn't hurt keep two he says if I was a
baby tooth he would be able to but since
it's an adult tooth everything the Board
of Health for fits him from what
so yeah sorry
if I don't bear I would've maybe if I
could have brought the video camera for
the video camera into the dental office
what me they've seen you know kind of
thinking that I should have taken a
picture with my cell phone learn but
yeah that's it there's pearl pearl I
mean Snowbell Snowbell so yeah bye